#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass extreport
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
enumitem
figs-within-sections
tabs-within-sections
eqs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language french
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "times" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family rmdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement tbph
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\branch BiblioInEachChapter
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style swiss
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*

\lang english
Acknowledgment
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\series bold
\shape italic
\lang english
This dissertation would not have been possible without the valuable help
 of several people whom I wish to thank here.
 First of all, we would like to acknowledge God for His grace and guidance
 throughout this journey.
 He has been our source of strength and inspiration in times of difficulty
 and doubt.
 We thank Him for giving us the opportunity and the ability to pursue this
 research project and complete it successfully.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\series bold
\shape italic
\lang english
We would like to express our deep gratitude to our dissertation supervisor,
 Madame.
 BENDOUKHA Hayet, for her guidance, advice and support throughout this work.
 Her insightful comments and constructive criticism helped us improve the
 quality of my dissertation.
 We are grateful to her for her encouragement and trust.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center

\series bold
\shape italic
\lang english
We would like to thank the members of the jury, Mr.
 GUERID Hicham and Mr.
 BELAID Mohamed Said and Mme SI LARBI Samia, for their careful reading of
 our dissertation and for their relevant questions and remarks during the
 defense.
 We appreciate their interest in my research topic and their constructive
 feedback.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
