#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass extreport
\begin_preamble

\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
enumitem
figs-within-sections
tabs-within-sections
eqs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement tbph
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\branch BiblioInEachChapter
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
General Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{General Conculsion} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Many research works, in literature, investigate the problem of scheduling
 scientific workflows on cloud platforms.
 In this work, the problem of scheduling scientific workflows in cloud data
 centers with optimization of cost, makespan and energy is investigated.
 This work is based on the EViMA algorithm and we propose a distributed
 approach to an energy-efficient dynamic VM management.
 Our approach maps tasks to VMs and then determines which VMs to migrate
 from the source PM and when.
 Finally, the destination PM is selected to place the VM on it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We propose our novel workflow scheduling approach for managing cloud resources
 with respect of the user’s needs and the cloud provider’s QoS.
 We presented our algorithm named MOCS-OViC based on EVIMA for mapping tasks
 to virtual machines and uses some VM placement and consolidation policies
 to optimize energy consumption.
 We evaluated our algorithm by running experiments and comparing the results
 with some existing algorithms.
 We use five real-world scientific workflows with different sizes of tasks:
 small, medium, large and extra-large in the simulation process.
 The results are satisfactory when the executed applications are CPU-intensive
 workflows.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our algorithm is not considering instance acquisition and termination delay
 which is essential for simulating realistic scenarios and optimizing the
 scheduling and scaling of cloud applications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Furthermore, we intend to apply this work in a Fog computing environment
 to reduce energy consumption which can lower the operational costs and
 environmental impact of fog computing.
 Also reducing makespan can improve the quality of service and user experience
 of fog applications.
 This can enhance the reliability and scalability of fog computing by avoiding
 network congestion.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
