#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass extreport
\begin_preamble

\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
enumitem
figs-within-sections
tabs-within-sections
eqs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "times" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family rmdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement tbph
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\branch BiblioInEachChapter
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\topmargin 2.75cm
\bottommargin 2.75cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
General Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{General Introduction}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\size small
Cloud computing is a distributed heterogeneous computing model providing
 many services through the Internet without the violation of Service level
 agreement (SLA).
 The Cloud services are provided as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS),
 Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS).
 Cloud computing power is supplied by a collection of data centers (DCs)
 that are typically installed with massive hosts (physical servers).
 These hosts are transparently managed by the virtualization services that
 allow sharing of their capacities among virtual instances of servers (VMS)
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "zeedan2023enhanced"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\size small
In addition, the advent of Cloud computing has another advantage over the
 massive spread of scientific work.
 Scientific workflow refers to a series of computations that enable data
 analysis in a distributed and systematic way; because this workflow has
 a large number of works, energy consumption is a major problem
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "danthuluri2023energy"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 However, the execution of scientific workflows needs a huge amount of data
 or allocates enormous computing resources and big scalability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\size small
The energy consumption of Cloud data centers is an important challenge.
 Energy consumption is increasing day by day due to a non-energy-aware strategy
 in resource management.
 About 0.5% of energy consumption worldwide is related to Cloud data centers,
 while this is envisaged to be fourfold in 2020
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "cloud_computing_simulators"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\size small
In general, workflow application-oriented energy-aware scheduling in Clouds
 involves mapping tasks to resources, arranging tasks’ execution order and
 assigning appropriate task execution time, such as optimizing energy consumptio
n and satisfying complex constraints.
 It is an NP-complete problem and has been researched extensively in the
 literature
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "cao2023energy"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\size small
Our objective consists of developing a tool for scheduling workflows on
 the Cloud using the technique of multiple partitioning of scientific workflows
 for multi-criteria optimization of planning execution while reducing the
 energy consumption of this solution.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\size small
The structure of this thesis is as follows: In Chapter 1, we provide an
 overview of the Cloud computing infrastructure that we use for our project.
 In Chapter 2, we describe the workflow technology and the scientific workflow.
 In Chapter 3, we formulate the problem of scheduling the scientific workflows
 with energy optimization as our main criterion.
 In Chapter 4, we propose and design our novel approach to solving the problem.
 In Chapter 5, we implement, simulate and evaluate our approach and discuss
 the results and findings.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
